ci: use new Sprocket doc (#232)
stjudecloud/workflows: README.md

### 🏠 [Homepage](https://stjude.cloud)

> Our [documentation](https://stjudecloud.github.io/workflows/) is generated with [Sprocket](https://github.com/stjude-rust-labs/sprocket).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our [documentation](https://stjudecloud.github.io/workflows/) is generated with [Sprocket](https://sprocket.bio).
```
?
